this is the first german TV with the Tagesschau
the sooner the parents had two then older German
the European Court of Justice has the state monopoly pot on gambling
tilted in Germany
The judges shared the monopoly pot on lottery sports betting and others
gambling
in the kitchen now takes shape for inadmissible
the regulation violates the weather forecast and
Freedom to provide services is also not a consequence
The start was thus officially combat the gambling addiction he made at the same time
but massive advertising
4 in the middle of a business
This is very lucrative for the state, after all, bring in the crosses
Lottery Place set and Koi honest about three euros a pensioner of the pop band more than
600,000 foreign countries caused by illegal downloads on the Internet
Percent foreigners
Percent involve us percent percent refusals percent annually
at the op
The age shown to the seniors are getting healthier and older
work longer too
so that's exactly what 1 set 1 no apple wants
2002 was the cartel is years 2008 already was 13
but many
have worried about their standard of living 77 percent believe it is getting worse
77 percent say it remains stable only the 77 percent expect it is better
is also a question of retirement
bingo
idiot
the preacher of a small christian fundamentalist group
in the island of Upper Swabia, the victims of the 90% attacks want to commemorate this
what is it worth in the summer more so that you would already be
Percent foreigners
I want to burn Koran
Under the motto, who's saying table for tomorrow is Thursday 40 in the morning
September
lightning and thunder
we will contact you again and 15 place 22 with the "Tagesthemen" "today" with
Tom Buhrow test drilling in as they are in need of a movie about the
Vulnerability of nature